a nasty gotcha in plug-gw... this is from an email explaining the 
problem. if we ever figure out the real answer i guess we need to 
update this file:

the load balancers connect to a port forwarding proxy called "plug-gw"
(which is part of "fwtk") on the firewalls, which then pass on port 80
and port 443 to the backend web servers. the load balancers periodically
check that the web servers are running by sending a "HEAD" request to
port 80 and checking that they get a valid return from apache. this is
called "http keepalive". we need to do this rather than simply checking
that port 80 is listening as plug-gw will always be listening regardless
of whether the web server at the other end is going to respond. for some
reason, sometime last week, this all stopped working. it appears that
plug-gw was correctly passing on the HEAD request, and apache was
correctly responding, but plug-gw then didn't pass the response back to
the load balancer, so after 5 seconds it would decide the server was
down and stop forwarding requests to it. the reason plug-gw refused to
pass the reply back was that it could not resolve the ip addresses of
the loadbalancer to a name. we know that nothing has changed - plug-gw,
apache, the l/b config and the l/b firmware have not been touched, so
the mystery is now why it ever worked in the first place...

we have two possible explanations:

1. it is a dns thing. someone on the internet was helpfully reverse
resolving the 192.168.1.0 network (or possibly just 192.168.1.16 & 17)
and have now stopped.

2. it is a timing thing. there is some subtle interaction between dns
lookup timing and packet passing which has changed, causing it to toggle
to fail instead of pass.

unfortunately the system logs do not go back far enough for us to be
able to see what plug-gw was logging before the failure so we can't be
sure what was really happening, and these systems are not backed up so
we can't go to backups to find out.

we have fixed it by putting static entries for the loadbalancers in
/etc/hosts. this work will not be charged as it is a failure in our
infrastructure.
