Building and Installing RT2
---------------------------

unpack
do:
make testdeps 
to test formissing dependencies
if missing deps found you could type make fixdeps and it uses cpan to get up to date
Note that you have to root to root instead of rootdo make fixdeps as some modules require interaction.



2   Check over /tmp/rt/Makefile

        There are many variables you NEED to customize for your site.
        Even if you are just upgrading, you must set ALL variables.

3   Satisfy RT's myriad dependencies.  There's a perl script in rt/tools
    called testdeps that uses CPAN to automate all of this.

3.1   Check for compliance:
        make testdeps

3.2   If there are unsatisfied dependencies, install them by hand or run   
        make fixdeps

       (You may need to install Apache::Session and Apache::DBI by hand.

        You might need to install Msql-Mysql-Modules by hand.
        perl -MCPAN -e'install DBD::mysql::Install' should do it for you.
       )

3.3   Check to make sure everything was installed properly:
        make testdeps

4   Create a group called 'rt'

5a  FOR A NEW INSTALLATION:

        As root, type:
                 make install   (replace "make" with the local name for
                                 Make, if you need to)

        If the make fails, type:
                make dropdb
        and start over from step 5a

5b  FOR UPGRADING: (Within the RT 2.0.x series)

        Make a backup of /path/to/rt/etc/config.pm

        As root, type:
                make upgrade     (replace "make" with the local name for

6   Edit etc/config.pm in your RT installation directory.  In many
    cases sensible defaults have been included. In others, you MUST
    supply a value.

7   Configure the email and web gateways, as described below.

8   Stop and start your webserver, so it picks up your configuration changes.

    NOTE: root's password for the web interface is "password"
    (without the quotes.)  Not changing this is a SECURITY risk
   
9   Configure RT per the instructions at http://www.helgrim.com/rtdocs.
    Until you do this, RT will not be able to send or recieve email,
    nor will it be more than marginally functional.  This is not an
    optional step.


